, if laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
, if you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
, the only way you’ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken’s ass and wait.
, it looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
, if I wanted a bitch, I’d have bought a dog.
, I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
, I’ve seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
, scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
, you’re so fat you could sell shade.
, why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
, your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
, your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
, you’ll never be the man your mother is.
, someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
, what’s the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
, if you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
, please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
, I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
, aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
, I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
, you are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
, It’s better to let someone think you’re stupid than open your mouth and prove it.
, gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
, do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
, out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
, I’m not saying that I hate you, but I’d unplug your life support machine to charge my mobile.
, anyone who ever loved you was wrong.
, if you were anymore inbred you would be a sandwich.
, now I know why everybody talks about you behind your back.
: one of those people who would be enormously improved by death.
, your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
, you are a perfect example of why there are safety warnings on everything.
, if brains were dynamite, you wouldn’t have enough to pop a pimple.
, you really shouldn’t use your entire vocabulary in one sentence.
, if I had a gun with two bullets, stuck in a room with you, Hitler, and Bin Laden, I'd shoot you twice.
, when they circumcised you they threw away the wrong bit.
, your face just screams split condom.
, you know that fear that you have deep down in the back of your mind, wondering if everybody hates you, if they are all putting on a facade just to deal with you until you leave, if they hate being around you, and talk about you behind your back? Well they do, and it's entirely because of the person you are.
, I'd call you a tool, but you're of no use to anyone.
, you look like a penis with a hat on.
, somewhere out there, there is a tree producing oxygen just so you can breathe. Go and apologise to it.
, I would rather inhale broken glass through a straw, than to have to listen to you speak again.
, they say that there is someone out there for everyone. Hopefully your match does humanity a favor and kills you as soon as possible.
, you must not have any friends. Which is a surprise as you have enough extra chromosomes to make one.
, if you were choking to death on your own vomit, I'd be inconvenienced by having to step over your body.
, you're such a bitch I wouldn't be surprised if you had a litter of puppies.
, you're the best argument for birth control I've ever come across.
, my balls have more wrinkles than your brain does.
, I would tell you a joke, but I don't have the time or the crayons to explain it to you.
, if you want my comeback, you're gonna have to wipe it off your mom's face.
, have you ever considered suing your mother for drinking while she was pregnant with you.
, did you fall from Heaven? Because it looks like you hit the ground face-first.
, your birth certificate is an apology from the abortion clinic.
, you're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
, you must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
, I have a rhyme for you! Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
, why don't you slip into something more comfortable... Like a coma, for example.
, you're like Monday mornings; nobody likes you.
, you are so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
, you are like a brick; flat on both sides, dirty, and gets laid by Mexicans.
, frankly, if you sucked anymore you would literally inhale your own dick.
, given your current situation, I would be crying more if I were you.
, some babies were dropped on their heads but clearly you were thrown at the wall.
, your pubes are better groomed than your facial hair.
